[Applause]
hey St From Evolution Unleashed today I
have got something that's going to help
those of you who are looking for jobs
and that is a prompt that is going to
help align your CV and cover letter
perfectly to the job you're applying for
so that you have an unfair advantage
over all the other helpless candidates
maximizing your chance for an interview
and going on to land your dream job
let's go take a look at what we've got
for you today and of course we're going
to be drawing from a brand new prompt
we've just included in the ultimate
prompt toolkit some people in our
Unleashed Community said that' find this
helpful we're here to maximize our
advantage in AI right so we built this
prompt because that's what you asked for
and we've added it to our ultimate
prompt toolkit which is a document that
will get you completely started in the
world of AI very cool got lots of
information that's help ful uh very easy
to understand and follow and then in the
table of contents you'll see that aside
from teaching you about prompts and AI
models we've got a whole lot of
professionally engineered prompts
they're going to show you what is truly
possible with AI today because so many
people are just scratching the surface
of AI and look at what we can actually
do so many people are missing out on the
true
potential and more importantly The Edge
that massive Edge we can find by
leveraging AI
so we're going to be using a prompt
today that is here in our Career
Development prompts we have two in that
section right now we'll be adding to
this of course but the first one is a
resumé Creator so if you don't have a
resume it'll create you a very
professional resume but that's not what
we're doing today today we're going to
assume you have a resume you're applying
for jobs we want to give you the best
possible chance of Landing that
interview and this is the prompt that's
going to do it and I'll show you how you
get your hands on this at the end of the
video note you're going to have to use
an a the word solids are free today
you'll need to use an AI model that lets
you upload documents so you can upload
your CV and here's the prompt before we
run it I've got a full demo ready to go
for you let's look at the things you
need to do to personalize it the first
one is to have your CV ready so you can
upload it to the prompt I'm going to
show you exactly how to do that so it's
super easy we've got a job advertisement
this is where you're going to paste the
job ad you just copy and paste the job
ad here so easy and I'm going to show
you how I did that in fact here's the
job we're applying for today you would
just right click copy the whole job
description and you would paste it here
now you can't on this document because
it's read only we can't have everybody
using it it's for everyone so instead
you can paste the prompt into chat GPT
which I'll show you in a moment and fill
it in there the other placeholder nice
and yellow so you can see it is just to
enter your key Niche or industry and
that's to ensure that the AI is able to
speak the language of that Niche so the
recruiter feels like you're one of us
one of us they'll be like yeah this
person speaks our language every little
Advantage we can e out of AI we're going
to take it so let's go take a look at
the prompt assume the role of an expert
in the recruitment industry with a
specialization in tailoring CVS and
cover letters to specific job ads I've
uploaded my CV so to do that with chat
GPT you just click the little paperclip
icon here and that will bring up a menu
find your CV and upload it so you can
see I've got a mock resume already
uploaded here it is here this is a
template I found online I haven't had a
CV for very many years I've been
self-employed since
2008 but this is just a typical CV
written in a word format and we're just
going to take it as a PDF and upload it
to the prompt before we run it the
second one the job advertisement so here
it is I've put all that information and
then it asked well what's the
industry and I've just put that it is
software development for a dairy company
and I put a bit of extra context you
don't need to do that just software
development for a dairy company would be
okay but you have got that extra context
it won't hurt and that's it then all you
have to do is press the go button and
look at what you're going to get so
before I show you that this is what the
prompts designed to do enhance your
interview
prospects construct a compelling
narrative so not just capture attention
but articulate a persuasive case BAS
why are you the best candidate and it
aligns to exactly what they're looking
for we're going to pull a few of the
emotional levers and the recruiter so
that they look at your CV and think this
is who we've been looking
for and they get you in for an interview
okay and then we're going to get a cover
letter as well let's go see if it's any
good that's really what matters so you
can see this is the CV and we've asked
it to write the CV in the same format so
it's very easy for you to change without
having to worry about restructuring it
and having bits go all over the place if
you've made a few CVS in word I know I
feel your pain we're trying to make it
as easy as possible here now also we
have a token override by the way so if
you get a please continue or to be
continued just type please continue we
didn't get one today so it's okay but
look at this updated CV so it's
Rewritten the objective statement which
is really interesting because it's
personalized it dedicated and proactive
BC computer science and software
engineering graduate Hing them straight
where they're looking with a strong
foundation in object-orientated
programming and mobile application
development and so on and look at
personalizes it saying that we want to
be able to uh be effective as a graduate
Microsoft software developer at your
company red do and restructures to bring
your best skills to the Forefront
rewords it a little so it's going to
optim each resume you can just paste
that into your current resume boom run
your next job ad boom and everywhere
you're sending you can send personalized
CVS so that's all good and then we get a
cover letter I'm writing to express my
interest in
this I'm excited about the opportunity
to contribute to your team oh outcome
Focus what's in it for me says a
recruiter all they get every day is CV
saying me me this is what I do well
here's how we tap that on the head I'm
excited about the opportunity to
contribute to your team and so on and so
on this is an exceptional little cover
letter so imagine you take that and your
optimized CV and you'll play for this
role versus not doing that where are you
going to have the advantage you're going
to have the advantage by using AI to
optimize and align and it's all about
using this technology before everybody
else because once everyone's doing this
then if you're not you have no chance
but right
now very few people are doing this this
is a brand new prompt that I'm only I
only created in the last 48 hours
specifically for someone in our
community so now you have an advantage
and it's up to you to maximize that
advantage to move your staff forward so
how do you get your hands on it let's
quickly look at that before we close out
the video so you're going to come to a
link here let me put it up here for you
it's going to come to Evolution
unleashed.com that will bring up our
ultimate prompt toolkit you'll just
click the button put in your name and
email hit that button and the ultimate
prompt toolkit is in your inbox and as I
said it is a very valuable very cool
document so that's it for today I hope
this helps some of you get a job if you
do get a job using this
could you let me know because it' just
be cool to know that it's made an impact
I'm here to help people make an impact
with AI so your feedback does mean a lot
and speaking of feedback I'd love it if
you could like And subscribe as well
that's it for today I'll see you in the
next one peace